we're the wrong dude chicken I don't
know what that is and I don't want to
know I kind of feel like like little
spikes I look like there's hot in here
give a little piety with you all right
if y'all like shrimp and I want swim
yeah hey it's not a yawn Justin take a
baby shrimp looking is a ship find out
yes okay dump its Lucy okay I've seen
mine one pillow does shrimp are lots of
times John wanted she luckily remember
how to do it so he did that then I do
love he said about the birth of Jesus
[Music]
what's it taste like
it stayed liked its meat okay so you
chewed it
spit it out that you're chewing it yeah
yeah
sweet mama this is this was - mm-hmm
where do you think it's from though
what part of the world yeah yeah I hope
I'm like this one it's actually from a
place called the Dominican Republic ever
heard of that place the donkeys and the
elephants Hillary Clinton and Donald
Trump I think Donald Trump's the
elephant and Hillary Clinton's the
donkey close yeah yeah you can take this
way home no
[Music]
open your eyes I'm not gonna eat the
seed you can eat Santa sorry Santa
mine is boy Tony's pretty big no it's
nice this is happening it's in my food
piece I wish your mom was here
I am your dad okay I think a dream
country so this is from Japan this is
what Japanese kids eat for Christmas
they have to go to the other half of the
would do this get this I'm gonna get
really hyper laughter loose inside the
cake there's more strawberry what do you
think about Japanese people eating fried
chicken and cake for Christmas Japan
rocks
every time you say Japan walk I stood it
away from